So let's have a look at some particular use cases and try and work out which model is best for us.
So we've got on demand reserved scheduled, reserved spot instances, dedicated instances and dedicated
hosts.
So a developer is working on a small project for several hours and cannot be interrupted.
So you might call that an ad hoc requirement.
So which model is best for that?
Well, I'm going to go with on demand.
Next up, we have a compute intensive, cost sensitive, distributed computing environment that can
withstand interruption.
So to me, that sounds like a good use case for a spot instance.
So whenever you can withstand interruption, but you need to lower costs, like maybe you're launching
hundreds of servers or thousands of service in order to compute a certain workload, then spot is going
to be a good option that.
What if we have a steady state business critical line of business applications with continuous demand?
In other words, this application is core to the business.
It's not going anywhere.
So what's the best model for it?
Well, in that case, reserved instances is going to be the best because we can commit to a long time
frame.
It can't be interrupted because it's critical to the business, so we wouldn't want to use spots.
But reserved is going to be the best option that.
Next up, we have a reporting application that runs for six hours a day, four days a week.
So what's going to be a good option for that?
Well, I'm going to go with scheduled reserved.
And remember, that's scheduled reserved is something that seems to be deprecated now.
So it's not going to be around for long.
But it is still a new exam, which is why I want to cover it off.
What about if we have a database with per socket licensing?
Well, in that case, you'd want a dedicated host.
The next use case is a security sensitive application that requires dedicated hardware and per instance,
billing.
Well, that I'm going to put on a dedicated instance.
That's it for this session.
Just wanted to cover a few off to give you an idea of the type of logic you're going to be using and
the type of use cases that come up in exam questions.
So you'll just need to be able to work out which model to map a particular use case to.
So I hope that was useful.
I'll see you in the next lesson.